Modify Rule S2692: LaYC indexOf (#2200)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2692/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Most checks against an `indexOf` value compare it with -1 because 0 is a valid index. Checking against >0 ignores the first element, which is likely a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most checks against an `indexOf` value compare it with -1 because 0 is a valid index. Checking against `> 0` ignores the first element, which is likely a bug.
```

[source,javascript]
----
var arr = ["blue", "red"];

if (arr.indexOf("blue") > 0) { // Noncompliant
  // ...
}
----

> If you're merely checking the presence of the element and if your browser version supports it, consider using ``++includes++`` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, if the intent is merely to check the presence of the element, and if your browser version supports it, consider using `includes` instead.
```

[source,javascript]
----
var arr = ["blue", "red"];

if (arr.includes("blue")) { 
  // ...
}
----

> This rule raises an issue when an `indexOf` value retrieved from an array is tested against `>0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when an `indexOf` value retrieved from an array is tested against `> 0`.
```
